{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat3\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl520\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	.	}
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
References \uc0\u8232 [1] Sutskever, I., Martens, J., Dahl, G. and Hinton, G: On the importance of initialization and momentum in deep learning, ICML (3) 28 (2013): 1139-1147. \u8232 [2] Srivastava, Nitish, Dropout: a simple way to prevent neural networks from overfitting., Journal of Machine Learning Research 15.1 (2014): 1929-1958. \u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
[3] \'a0Alex Krizhevsky, Ilya Sutskever, and Georey E. Hinton, ImageNet Classification with Deep Convolutional Neural Networks, Advances in Neural Information Processing Sys- tems 25: 26th Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems 2012. Pro- ceedings of a meeting held December 3-6, 2012, Lake Tahoe, Nevada, United States. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
[4] \'a0Kaiming He, Xiangyu Zhang, Shaoqing Ren and Jian Sun, Delving Deep into Rec- tifiers: Surpassing Human-Level Performance on ImageNet Classification, CoRR, http://arxiv.org/abs/1502.01852, 2015. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
[5] \'a0Xavier Glorot and Yoshua Bengio, Understanding the di culty of training deep feedfor- ward neural networks, Proceedings of the Thirteenth International Conference on Artifi- cial Intelligence and Statistics, AISTATS 2010, Chia Laguna Resort, Sardinia, Italy, May 13-15, 2010. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
[6] \'a0Karen Simonyan and Andrew Zisserman, Very Deep Convolutional Networks for Large- Scale Image Recognition, In ICLR, 2015. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
[7] \'a0Adam Coates, Andrew Y. Ng and Honglak Lee, An Analysis of Single-Layer Networks in Unsupervised Feature Learning, Proceedings of the Fourteenth International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Statistics, AISTATS 2011, Fort Lauderdale, USA, April 11-13, 2011. \uc0\u8232 \
}